OSDOCS#5303: Add OLM multitenancy doc (#56794)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operatorgroups-limitations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/understanding/olm/olm-understanding-operatorgroups.adoc

[id="olm-operatorgroups-limitations"]

> = Limitations for multitenant Operator management

Author: You're right, this is an older module before we started doing that. I'll add.

{product-title} provides limited support for simultaneously installing different variations of an Operator on a cluster. Operators are control plane extensions. All tenants, or namespaces, share the same control plane of a cluster. Therefore, tenants in a multi-tenant environment also have to share Operators.
[id="olm-operatorgroups-limitations"]
= Limitations for multitenant Operator management

The Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installs Operators multiple times in different namespaces. One constraint of this is that the Operator’s API versions must be the same.
{product-title} provides limited support for simultaneously installing different variations of an Operator on a cluster. Operators are control plane extensions. All tenants, or namespaces, share the same control plane of a cluster. Therefore, tenants in a multitenant environment must also share Operators.

> Different major versions of an Operator often have incompatible custom resource definitions (CRDs). This makes it difficult to quickly verify OLMs.

Author: I found this "Limitations for multitenant Operator management" section in the OperatorGroups topic that I didn't realize was added a while back. I've cleaned it up a little and it seems like it likely can stay (although it now repeats a bit of what is discussed in the newer sections), but I wasn't sure what was originally meant by "verify OLMs" on this line.

For now, I've just dropped it vaguely to "difficult to quickly verify." until there's a better suggestion.

> Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installs Operators multiple times in different namespaces. One constraint of this is that the Operator's API versions must be the same.

Author: I found this "Limitations for multitenant Operator management" section in the OperatorGroups topic that I didn't realize was added a while back. I've cleaned it up a little and it seems like it likely can stay (although it now repeats a bit of what is discussed in the newer sections), but I wasn't sure what was originally meant by "verify OLMs."

For now, I've just dropped it vaguely to "difficult to quickly verify." until there's a better suggestion.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/understanding/olm/olm-understanding-operatorgroups.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="olm-operatorgroups-limitations"]
= Limitations for multitenant Operator management

> {product-title} provides limited support for simultaneously installing different variations of an Operator on a cluster. Operators are control plane extensions. All tenants, or namespaces, share the same control plane of a cluster. Therefore, tenants in a multitenant environment must also share Operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} provides limited support for simultaneously installing different versions of an Operator on the same cluster. Operators are control plane extensions due to their usage of `CustomResourceDefinitions` (which are global entities in Kubernetes). All tenants, or namespaces, share the same control plane of a cluster. Therefore, tenants in a multi-tenant cluster also share global `CustomResourceDefinitions` which limits the scenarios in which different instances of the same operator can be used in parallel on the same cluster. The scenarios include the following:

- operators in different versions that ship the exact same CRD definition (in case of versioned CRDs the exact same set of versions)
- operators in different versions that do not ship a CRD (and rather have their CRD available in a separate bundle on the OperatorHub)

All other scenarios are not supported, since the integrity of the cluster data cannot be guaranteed if there are multiple competing or overlapping `CustomResourceDefinitions` from different operator versions are to be reconciled on the same cluster.
```
